[Music] I've been
reporting some things for a while,
not like you know that
if I have to take
sides,
I'll obviously take sides with
Rocío Flores, I'll take sides with
Antonio David. Okay, but that doesn't
mean that I'm going to give you guys
carrion, okay, to the people that you want, it's blood.
There are many
people who are dedicated to it who embraced the mania of launching. In reality, it's not only the media that does it that blames them, but also the people themselves because they are people or Diadora are people or Diadora are poisonous people. Gemma Al Don in the Deluxe. No, no, no, no,
Gemalto in the Deluxe.
No,
that's confirmed today, Wednesday.
You're telling me hashtag
hashtag. Javi Oliveira was right, I
said it last week or the week before, we have
the click. That one, we have
the click. I knew it, I knew it. I told you
better. I know it. I always
told you. I always tell you things.
Always when I say something, I
say it first. People jump on me. But we
argue, we fight. Come on, dude.
Javi Oliveira is right.
new is that when I say things just because
because I've been here in the
media for a long time and I see it coming
okay
and they always fight and I always
argued
that the rich one when we fight but
richer when we [ __ ]
to make peace that the rich one when we
fight but richer still when we
[ __ ]
Javi my mother tells me that she is the daughter of
course the daughter Emma
how rich when we fight but richer
still when we [ __ ] I
told you dude I told you
well it turns out that some media
we're going to call it half okay because you already
know that here on this channel I'm not going to get
into anything okay with other
YouTubes or anything like that I'm not going to get into
anything because because the
people on this channel don't like them
okay but yes men let's see
objectivity there are no people who have
realized that the bigger the
nonsense you say against Fidel or against
Rocío Carrasco the
bigger audience you're going to have
okay so one thing is to dismantle the
lies and the contradictions and
position yourself of course it would be missing more
one thing is to dismantle you can
dismantle look Rocío Carrasco here said I
am  here she said the other thing look at maria
patiño and what a liar she says that on such a day
rocio jurado told her I don't know what but look
here we have the video and it's a lie
patiño feeds on it
one thing is that about montes
real lies and another thing are things like this
man vision of who
from maria pilar maria pilar
thank you very much for your vision queen thank you
very much sweetheart
the proof the graphic proof that this
is because people want [ __ ] and
garbage because you go to the video and the
video has five or six thousand lights
people are giving it the video is
sharing it because also
youtube itself at the beginning of the video says
please this has to be spread this has to be
shared okay now we see it
pilar I have it here
the thumbnail rocio flores crying fidel
with a face of few friends and what seems to
be as if it were a leaked sentence
okay in the thumbnail it says help mom
call the police
help mom call the police and the
title of the the title of the video is
in quotes as if rocio flores
said it she did things to me when I was a
child I
tell you the same thing I told you the other  day
when they started saying that if Fidel
took cocaine that if Rocío Carrasco
were also reportable atrocities
reportable atrocities and I maintain it
okay and I said in the video I made a video
denouncing this because this can't be
look at it even Juan my friend Juan what the
[ __ ] or rather more positioned by Antonio
David there can't be anyone there it's not that I
say it there are no people it's
going fuchsia it's that you defend you
defend Fidel no no no no let's see it's that they
are slandering him they are
slandering him look Juan says I already said it a long
time ago deceiving people through
click bay to get
views was getting out of
hand
now it's time to assume the consequences of
the bad practices I'm very afraid that what he
raises with that video is not
even going to be enough to pay the lawyer I mean not
even for the lawyer
a lawyer costs more than there is
but the graphic proof that the people
want this the
people the public in some way
is telling some colleagues that they have to
say the biggest nonsense
possible
what they have to say the biggest  nonsense
possible to have money audience okay
I saw a headline that said fidel
takes rocio jurado to certain death
like fidel recommended the hospital
wanting her to die assured you
've all seen that right and this
well whoever doesn't understand it is someone who doesn't
want to understand it whoever doesn't
understand it is someone who doesn't
want to understand it I've been reporting this for a year
but people when I
report these things they tell me I'm envious it was
because you're envious
javi your envy is obvious the
moment someone stands out you jump at their
throats you're
already criticizing your colleagues
let everyone work like this this
here what he's insinuating this this
colleague is sexual abuse
then he told me that he did things to me he
did things to me maybe he made me a
sandwich to go to school of course of course
yes well obviously I made a
video reporting this and I want to
show you
some comments okay today there will
be more comments okay but I want to
show you some comments okay it
's a tremendous title he's right that
doesn't take away from the fact that you're a really
arrogant unpleasant authoritarian guy  normal
defending who defends
is as if the title the title and the
thumbnail are disgusting but you are bad
kind we are not talking about me
I make a video to denounce
that to stop doing that I have been
saying it for a year and the comment is
but you are also bad
okay well I believe everything about him
gusiluz is a dark person and when
the river sounds water carries
when the river sounds water carries
the river does not sound like it has been a partner
because you pull them but well
the living proof is that this video
in 24 hours
has 50 thousand views
in the first 24 hours 50,000 views
on a channel that normally has 2,000
views per video
if I speak normally and I have
2,000 views but when I say some of
these stupid things thank you very much and
when I say some of these savagery I
have 50 thousand what are you
saying to him I
had a journalist whoever it is
what you are telling him with that you
are telling him that you want [ __ ] I
am telling him that the more stupid he
says the better
at no time has it been said  that about
Fidel never in life but you can
say that yes it has been said that he
punished children that he wasn't very
nice to children it was said on
Sálvame that he locked them up well but
I've already done this he never listens to it in his
life
in his life he took Sabi yes it is clear he
is telling his colleagues and this
happens not only with videos it also
happens with live shows with videos and with live shows
there are colleagues who on some
occasion have defended or have said something
good about Rocío Carrasco and they have
started to lose subscribers what they have
done to
insult them outright
man no
that doesn't work like that
credibility is not created like that okay
but you are arrogant
that is not right I have done it for this
man but yours is worse because they
think you are better
but you are arrogant that is not
right I have done it for this man but
yours is worse because you think you are better I ca
n't stand envy and bad camaraderie
lamentable
if I had envy of numbers
I would get into speaking clearly or I would
get into Lucia who are the two right now
the two most viewed  They are speaking
clearly and 24 hours heart pact people 6
when I criticize something I denounce something it
is not out of envy
so if it were out of envy or because
they are standing out I would criticize people with whom
I get along well who are the most
viewed
but man hold on to envy
when you are seeing that could you stop
insulting calling
women ladies I can't even
call these ladies
or older ladies or ladies okay what
I said when you offend they probably
think the same as you you say
that work as you please well the
others too even if the others
can work as they please that's it
let them do their job as they
want no I
wish that all the youtubers were
like you javi is saying it
ironically okay sure that scary it
really is a shame that you
worry about others because when you
dedicate the time to your job you are
really good
the comments are incredible that is
why antonio david does not swallow
fidel alviar for the mistreatment of his
children
listening between the lines you are talking
in some aspects of such a me  it seems like you
want to get along with fidel the beige and
the brown flowers before fidel before fidel
you do here it is you already showed it
when mike as uploaded some videos and you
were against maika besides yesterday she
was giving news about maika as if she
were you shut up better and make a
life without messing with the youtubers
vomit vomit vomit
let's see if I see what is
being said in viral videos
because also the videos where I tell
the truth about that sentence that
fidel wins have less views because I am
telling the truth
but the videos where they say
fidel's supreme court one hundred thousand views
if I am being that the
supreme court ruled in favor of fidel it
is the truth you can't say that fidel
lost a lawsuit when he wins it
you can color them you can paint them any
color you want but he won I do
n't agree with these videos of
people like that of course but fidel is boring
and boring with his accusations he will denounce
one to scare he
will denounce one to scare
this is not television it is just a few people
talking there is no money that can pay
all the  complaints that should be
filed against the youtubers who say things about
him and we'll see he will win in ten years
the accused will pay he will be insolvent
heavy and he messes with me
javi you said the coke thing you said on
other channels it hasn't been said
directly
javi you said the coke thing you said on
other channels it hasn't been said
directly
really this worries me but
well since it's not my problem there's
everyone but really this worries me
javier insinuating that thing about fidel wasn't his idea
the press channel with the blue zone
and only my more than two months with fidel and
gloria camila at 250,000 views lying
sells and very well of course but let's see there
are some colleagues to whom the
public is telling them that the
bigger the nonsense the
bigger audience you're going to have live
in videos in whatever and since there are people
who are desperate and sima
then they will continue doing it let's see I
wanted to see something because I think the
water that they are caraquista but
well they are right in this click they have
put I think they have made something
a compilation it has
been someone  and they have
shared it look at these guys
[Music]
serious scandal
fidel albiac shouts at rocio
carrasco from media fe and is
captured
56,000 bike data
fidel albiac exposes crimes against rocio
carrasco from mediaset
maria teresa campos declares war
fidel albiac well that lie is not serious
this terrible crime justice will
investigate fidel albiac rocio
carrasco for embezzlement
fidel who suffocated fidel albiac and his
lover used rocio carrasco
justice will investigate fidel albiac and
rocio for embezzlement again
fidel's big investment with ana maria
the gift to finally buy a ferrari
the bad guys it's a lie but it's not a
crime it's not slander
this is nonsense since it's not
bad either they
reveal the hidden relationship between fidel and
carlota uncle
bombshell carmen borrego would have
slept with fidel albiac
maybe I think if a peseta land remains
Spanish no where do
people have to give  wants blood me too but
you're not going to see the blood I want it, he
falsified it but when or if it's true
when it exists no
justice will catch Rocío
Carrasco and Fidel they've caught us baby
Fidel's dark past comes to light
well he has nothing either is worth it
Fidel Albiac's wife well thinking why don't they
have a wife tells something unexpected that will
leave you speechless this one
has nothing either
the terrible plot of Ana
Bernal is revealed is and Fidel it's a lie but it's not a
crime a
scandal is revealed to entertain or and Fidel
Albiac disgust is
not slander it's a lie but you know one
thing that it's a lie like sensationalists you
know but another thing that that scandal
years in prison for Rocío Carrasco and
Fidel Albiac after reading I don't know what
modified my inheritance
by agreeing to Fidel and Yamaguchi
CL
and she goes to see her mother an hour a
week bad daughter that's a lie she
took the money she
took money from the Alvia she received 400 thousand
to take Rocío my goodness I
mean I mean the 0 0 absence
that the other youtube this what  has done has
been copying it from here
260 thousand visits and I'm at money
the day they get involved is that
I think not yet I think they are
going to put Manuel Sáiz in the ad or
itatí will go that Rocio Carrasco and is going to sue
youtubers but the day they get involved in
suing they win the lawsuit je here they win the
lawsuit here
here they win the lawsuits
then you go to that I think that still the
famous people on television
have not given it like the one who said that it is
not that the YouTube blogs that is why
they see it as
YouTube blogs are not yet media they do not
realize the impact that
YouTube channels have they see it
as users of Facebook or Twitter
talking that is why they have not sued
yet but I am sure that Fidel is
going to sue this for sure God they will
sue everything I myself saw it witnesses
accuse Fidel of modifying documents
Rocio Carrasco and Fidel in prison after
knowing what they did you
are reading about Elche you are reading
milk you
are reading this you are reading
at this rate you'll never get anywhere
exactly montse the thing is that what pisses
me off is that
cleavage always exists, I click bay I mean
I go I always try to make the
title as striking as possible but the
same for one thing that says another okay
but a lot I play on the line
but listen to me fidel albiac could be
judged for the death of rocio jurado
I think if a peseta said he was
spanish
but no nor where they have to give blood
for scavengers and what I want is to the pse or
the king a kiss mark
we want
holy virgin and I'm an atheist they put
javi there talking about diego and
gustavo's sentence okay it seems fair to me charo
remind me please don't forget to
comment on this live okay before
all three of us before we go don't
forget to comment on it please okay
I'm very clear but now we see it
confirm check the punishments and
mistreatment of fidel to david one
hundred and forty five thousand visits
tremendous
false pig rocio carrasco and her allies
attack belén  Esteban False
Pig
and you know what? There will
still be people who when they're
watching this live will tell me don't get involved
in other people's work, you do your thing
and I don't like Fidel,
crime compensates there are
some there there are some there
who are going to win there are some there that what
happens to them is that they are going to earn
infinitely more money some are not
some don't earn much but there are some
there what happens to them is that they are going to
earn infinitely more money than what
the lawyer costs them later and
even if they are convicted
the worst is that I had the conscious thing
YouTube is that the conscious thing because of
course YouTube of
course thank you very much sweetheart welcome
to watch YouTube what happens is that YouTube
no
freedom of expression can never be
taken away from you valuable YouTube has its
rules and obviously when there are things that you do
n't slander if not for example a
homophobic insult a sexist insult
something like that if YouTube can take it away
the video is fine but when it's
slander and that kind of thing YouTube can't
take money from a video that's why
unless it's very beastly which this is
beastly but this  They suspect in the sense
of false accusations, okay, it's a judge who has to
remove the videos, do you
understand me? That's how it works,
but now you're going to see it. I don't like Fidel. I
think it's
public domain that I don't like Fidel, but you're going to
see how there are going to be people in this
video in the comment box. Look at
those of you who are watching and those in the
comment box because there are going to be people
saying, let me do what each one does, their
job, what they want.
[Music]